Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2019 American black comedy
horror film called 'Villains'.
The film is written and directed
by Dan Berk and Robert Olsen.
Warning: there will be spoilers
ahead, so please proceed with caution.
Mickey and Jules, two lovebirds dressed in animal
masks, clumsily loot a gas station and flee,
enjoying their final sting before heading to
Florida. Their automobile runs out of petrol
while travelling through the woods. Jules
discovers a mailbox, and the pair comes
across a big lonely home. They notice a car in
the garage, but the home looks to be vacant.
After smashing down the front door, they
proceed to the basement in search of a gas can,
where they discover a young girl,
filthy and silent, tied to a column.
They return upstairs to find a method to free
the girl, but they are met by the homeowners,
George, Gloria, and their baby son Ethan, who are
startled. George and Gloria provide money gently,
but Jules insists on knowing why the little girl
is below. George says that their 'Sweetiepie' is
in the basement for discipline. Mickey threatens
them with his gun, but George calms them down and
persuades them to sit down and speak. Mickey
has his gun primed while George calmly offers
them the option of simply taking their vehicle
and driving away, claiming that he would be
considerably less inclined to call the cops if
they abducted Sweetiepie. Micky refuses their
offer and supports Jules' desire to release the
girl, compelling George to unlock her at gunpoint.
Mickey, free of her shackles, attempts to persuade
Sweetiepie to come forward, but she bites his
hand. Gloria restrains Jules after George knocks
him out. Mickey awakens tied to a bed, Gloria
dancing in front of him in lingerie, but she is
disappointed when he does not have an erection.
Mickey apologises the next time Gloria pays him a
visit. He seduces her and persuades her to let go
of him, then pushes her away and flees. Mickey
recoils at a near gunshot as he tries to flee.
George fires again, wounding him in the leg, and
ties him up with Jules in the basement. Mickey
learns he can pick the locks on their handcuffs
with Jules' tongue ring, and after tearing it out,
he uncuffs her. Jules tries to pick Mickey's cuff
lock, but she breaks her tongue ring and is forced
to seek aid on her own. Sweetiepie suggests
using the laundry chute as an escape route.
George believes Jules has escaped and assaults
Mickey in search of information. Mickey lies
and tells George that Jules has already left
the home and is waiting for Mickey to join her
at their meeting point, and that if Mickey does
not show up in an hour, she will call the police,
so George agrees to let Mickey go. Jules hides
upstairs in Ethan's nursery, only to discover that
he is a porcelain doll covered in a blanket. She
overhears Mickey and George conversing downstairs
and misinterprets their discussion as George
threatening to kill Mickey rather than let him go.
Jules uses 'Ethan' as leverage, and
when she walks out onto the landing,
she threatens to drop the doll and
demands that they release Mickey.
An furious Gloria shoots at her, prompting Jules
to drop the doll, which shatters on the floor.
While Gloria prepares a dinner, the prisoners
are duct tied to the dining table. Gloria has
always wanted a child, but George has been unable
to provide for her. They abducted Sweetiepie to be
their child, but Sweetiepie just served to remind
Gloria of the children she could never have.
Gloria wanted to murder Sweetpie, but George
believed keeping her in the basement would be more
compassionate. Gloria tells Jules that her mother
gave her 'Ethan' as a present when she was a child
and died soon after. Mickey and Jules begin
to feel queasy after eating food that has been
tainted with what was discovered in Jules' bag.
George says that after Mickey and Jules pass out,
he and Gloria would give them heroin and then
report them as two drug addicts who overdosed
while stealing them. A police officer knocks on
the door to notify George that the thieves' car
has been seen nearby as Mickey and Jules begin
to lose consciousness. The officer requests to
come in and check about, but there is no trace
of Mickey and Jules, who Gloria has concealed in
a bedroom. The cop goes down to the basement but
is called away before he gets to meet Sweetiepie.
Jules awakens from her drug overdose and
crawls to her suitcase across the room,
snorting a cocaine bump. She regains her
strength and injects cocaine into Mickey's
nostrils to give him a 'boost' and rouse
him up. When George and Gloria return,
the room is vacant and the window is open, so
they go outside to explore the surrounding land.
Mickey and Jules never left the home and simply
fooled George and Gloria into believing they did.
They take advantage of the situation by grabbing
Sweetiepie and stealing the homeowners' car keys.
Before they can go, George reappears and
waits on the driveway with his rifle.
Mickey urges Jules and Sweetiepie to duck
before driving forward, running over George
and inflicting deadly bullet wounds. Sweetiepie
takes up his gun and fatally shoots George in
the skull as George, wounded but alive, drags
Jules out of the car and tries to strangle her.
Gloria walks out to see her blood-soaked husband
and collapses next to him in hysterical ecstasy,
saying that he is simply sleeping and that
they are ready to depart to begin a new life.
Jules and Sweetiepie set out on foot
to Florida, intending to hitch a ride.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.